SOLARFLARE COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

This Software License Agreement (Agreement) is a legal agreement between
Solarflare Communications, Inc. (Solarflare) and the purchaser of the
Equipment (Licensee).

1.	DEFINITIONS

    1.1 "Documentation" means such manuals, documentation and any other
supporting materials relating to the Software Program as are currently
maintained by Solarflare and generally provided to its licensees.
    1.2 "Equipment" means the Solarflare or third party hardware on which
the Software Program has been or may be installed.
    1.3 "Licensed Materials" means the Software Programs and Source Code
together.
    1.4 "Software Program" means the object code version of the computer
software obtained by Licensee under this Agreement, any extracts from such
software, derivative works of such software or collective works
constituting such software (such as subsequent releases) to the extent
offered to Licensee under this Agreement, and the related Documentation.
    1.5 "Source Code" means the human-readable computer programming code,
associated procedural code, listings, flow charts, logic diagrams, tools,
executables, libraries, scripts and related and supporting documentation
corresponding to the Software Program (including assembly, linkage and
other utilities).

2.	SOFTWARE LICENSE

    2.1 License.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
Solarflare grants to Licensee a nonexclusive, nontransferable,
nonsublicensable, royalty-free, fully paid-up license to use the Software
Programs, subject to the following limitations:
         (a) Licensee shall use the Software Programs for its internal
purposes only.  In no event shall the Software Programs be disclosed, made
available to or used for the benefit of any third party; sold, assigned,
leased, resold or distributed or otherwise disposed of; or commercially
exploited or marketed in any way, with or without charge, by Licensee or
any of Licensee's employees or agents.
         (b) The license granted hereunder is limited to use of the
Software Program on the specified Equipment.  In no event shall Licensee
